Years before the Boardwalk, back when I won a class geography challenge but never walked alone outside my school district, I met a blind woman at a summer Bible camp. The pretty counselor in her twenties, lamenting that she had never seen the stars, the moon, or the sun, took off her silver-rimmed tinted glasses and showed me the cloudy eyes I never forgot, the grey otherworldly orbs of my dreams and fantasy.  
  
The Chinese church, a red-brown building across the street from a private bilingual grade school, was in the neighborhood before the Wal-Mart and the bus terminal. My parents were Buddhist or atheist, often both, but signed me up to sing in the Saturday children's choir, driving me over after Mandarin lessons in the morning. After the last rehearsal of the school year, they learned of a free week of summer activities for children. A little Jesus never hurt anyone, they figured, and that was how on a hot Friday in August I ended up at a water park, sitting on blue tarmac [[with]] Jennifer. Her guide dog, a golden retriever lazing about in the sunny weather, licked her bare thigh as I touched its ears and pet its shiny coat. She faced the other children, supervising [[with]] a false gaze, and asked me if any of the kids were running. I assured her they were not, though they were, and asked her more about her condition.  
  
She answered my questions as theology, as if in asking I challenged God. Her eyes saw not the world of man, and so her soul was sworn to the kingdom of heaven. God created you too, she said, touching the bridge of my nose and stroking my cheek. You shall always be his child.  
  
That night, sleepless and peering out the window at the clouds illumined by silver light, I prayed for the first time. No one answered, but I was patient. One day he will speak to me, I thought. No father ever fails to love his son. 
  
In high school, I stayed out past bedtime, and sometimes past public transit hours. In search of lost time, regaining years of harsh discipline, I walked home and let my mind wander for [[an]] hour or so. So precious was this solitude, utter and absolute in the years ere my first smartphone plan, that if I boarded a bus at midnight, I stayed on and rode all the way to the terminal at the Boardwalk. The route looped back to my neighborhood after the driver finished his smoke or piss, but if the bus was out of service he kicked me off and left me to savor the air of the new part of town, the fresh future of the city I called my own.  
  
My parents, tyrants toppled by teenage force of will, let me break the old curfew. My grades were the same as usual, maybe better, and much of my time [[with]] friends was spent studying; in any case, this change meant less verbal judo at home, another activity in which Jia and Ying, economic immigrants raised under Deng’s reforms, found themselves outclassed—whether in Chinese, my native laconic tongue that cut, or in English, the acquired florid speech that buried. They were born at the tail of the Cultural Revolution, and as a learned survival tactic braved not the shifting winds of power. They praised Obama and Harper lest the new world listened, Mao lest the homeland cared. And now they submitted to my linguistic rebellion, unable to compete [[with]] the words nor the [[wit]] of a Western teenager, a generation not of paid lip service but of freely given lip.  
  
Freedom and lips brought opportunity, chances to make out. At a joint Starbucks / Chapters, under the pretense of helping her [[with]] French, I put my tongue in Lauren’s mouth. The kiss of balm and coffee was delicious, though I was fonder of her skinny waist, her dark-rimmed glasses. A few days later, as she straddled my lap on a bench near a war monument (or maybe before), she shared her dream of being [[an]] author. Without irony, I told her that one day I would write a book titled On Everything, a catalog of the one and only truth for [[every]] subject. She agreed to help when the time came, as I knew not girl stuff nearly as well as math and music.  
  
This promise was not meant to be, for that same week I skipped the movie date we planned—the first Avengers film at the Boardwalk—[[with]] the excuse that I was not allowed to date a white girl. I forgot why I wanted to get out of the date, but I remember how she said she hated me, how I almost revealed the lie but revealed not, how she blocked me on Facebook and told Emily and Iscah, her loyal Jewish friends who gave me [[an]] earful the next day and made me their enemy. Emily was in my French class, and knew all along why Lauren asked me for help and not her. She gave me the cold shoulder for the rest of high school, placed higher than me in school writing contests, started [[an]] online student magazine in senior year, and went to [[an]] expensive private college somewhere, finding herself as part of the neoliberal old guard on campus (or so I heard from Thomas). Never closer than friends of friends, our falling out was worth no regrets. But Iscah was a childhood friend, and she thanked me after our dance on freshman night [[with]] a gorgeous laugh. I was hurt when she teased me and my new girlfriend, and talked smack about me to her new friends after she switched high schools. I later went [[with]] her on [[an]] summer exchange to Montreal, and apologized for everything on the last night. She was gentle and gracious, more than needed, and that was our last conversation.  
  
Incredibly, Lauren and I were friends again by the end of the school year. I got Sean to ask her out, and they dated for a while. One restless summer, thinking they broke up, I walked to her place twice and fooled around [[with]] her in the basement while her mom was gone. I knew not that she was back [[with]] Sean at the time, finding out at the same time I heard she was cheating on him [[with]] Panagiotis, a Greek boy I played cards [[with]] at lunch. Sean never found out about my involvement, and confided that he was glad that Lauren got fat before graduation. I thought it was mean, and mourned the death of her attractive abdomen, but nodded as I was mad that Emily and Iscah knew the whole time, helping her hide everything and defending her after.  
  
By then, I had new friends, two girls that met at seven in the morning to read and chat at Coffee Culture near the Boardwalk. Linda’s small house was near the Chinese church, and Catherine’s manor was in a pricey neighborhood. Their houses were near everything new being built, something I envied as someone who had only a small plaza near home. Chasing the exciting life I thought they had, I relished their company. Over time, we grew close. In senior year after the Montreal exchange, I was Linda’s gym partner at the YMCA near my house, and Catherine’s boyfriend til halfway through the first semester of university. My best teenage memories were screaming and laughing for no reason [[with]] Linda, and speaking of the uncertain future [[with]] Catherine. Though, when I went to watch the first part of Mockingjay [[with]] Catherine,  
  
Things were not the same [[with]] love in the picture, where there was once but camaraderie. Linda and I went from pals to foes after I told Catherine about a sloppy drunken evening perhaps better kept [[secret]], and months later Catherine had enough of the neuroticism and mind games I brought from my own family. Our last date was Dairy Queen at the Boardwalk, followed by a movie at Landmark (to which Empire had sold the location at some point). We left halfway through the second part of Mockingjay, argued in the parking lot, and never saw each other again. Our anniversary, and overall a fitting memorial service.  
  
Regina took me to First Choice Haircutters, and hesitated after seeing the results.  
  
Ying mocks the prime minister at the dinner table, calling him Little Potato, a pun in Chinese.  
  
A city after dark, its lights the sheen of angel's sword, the glow of bush's flame.  
  
A thought that creeps around in the night: a person faces God in restless sleep, when conscience keeps the regicide awake. No better is the sinner than a slave, and slithers where the dust blocks out his sight.  
  
My mind came up [[with]] this, then slumbered well. I found the path I always should have taken.  
  
A word for a thought, a language for a mind. No less than a complete corpus of literature is needed to shape a pseudoform of one person’s inner story, the network of fact and fiction, of neat narratives [[with]] the corners tucked in and the wrinkles folded away. No more can a pantheon or a One True God show the expanse of experience, the multitude of man. The last person to have [[an]] identity written in the stars, at least the stars as we know them, is likely already born. Is he aware that he is the last of a kind, the final survivor of a great lineage?  

The last of the whispers lying in the loom of shadows, losing and crying over the passage of time, have long disappeared from the life I lived as a silly child.  
  
What great act of God was it for me to see [[an]] angel, to enter the gate of heaven, to find the Lord in law and code and numbers?  

Art peeks from all the senses, hiding from the eyes of those who seek it not.  

As no one but the very best of us might ever seek to overcome the past, the status quo is thus that the worthy youth are burned at the altar, in [[every]] [[age]] and generation.  

The ones [[with]] most to gain rebel against their parents, deconstructing the order in which they were sternly raised by maids and governesses, the paid instruments of the domestic ruling class.  

Little nobles, spoiled royalty, see themselves in the beggars and the cripples.  

“Clear as starlight, yet a light not from the heavens.”