[[How]] about [[we]] stop [[with]] the lies? No more pretending, no more bullshit. The world is as it is, no [[matter]] [[how]] you [[try]] to spin it. Do you think you can [[get]] away from the [[truth]] by running? The [[truth]] is everywhere, and it watches [[with]] a harsh [[eye]]. Once you see God, he [[never]] [[stops]] [[seeing]] you. Forever, you [[are]] [[seen]]. No more can you [[live]] in darkness, away from the [[light]] you chose to [[put]] [[aside]], the [[good]] life that you [[saw]] as nothing [[special]]. A [[day]] doesn’t [[go]] by when I don’t think about [[how]] you of all people [[should]] [[have]] no complaints. [[Seeing]] you like this makes [[me]] think, “What’s the [[point]]? [[Why]] [[try]] at all, [[if]] [[heaven]] is hell?” And then, just [[now]], it clicked for [[me]]. It really clicked for [[me]], [[after]] all this [[time]]: you [[will]] [[never]] be [[happy]]. [[Never]]. You always [[have]] a reason to [[say]] that you [[are]] [[being]] [[held]] back, [[if]] not by [[me]] then by the world or the demons. The [[thing]] is, you [[never]] [[learned]] the basic fact that [[if]] nothing is [[ever]] your [[fault]], then nothing is [[ever]] your merit. The [[sword]] has two edges, or none. You [[want]] it [[another]] way? Dream on.  

[[There]] was no [[big]] [[revelation]] you [[needed]]. All it [[took]] was taking the train home, and playing the [[part]] of the prodigal son. Lower your [[head]] for once, and stop showing [[off]] the underside of your [[pale]] little chin. When was the last [[time]] you had [[someone]] [[give]] you a little tap? Is this what life is to you, a [[long]] sleepwalk and then the infinite [[abyss]]? Yet you [[also]] think you [[are]] [[immortal]], invincible. No [[one]] [[should]] [[hurt]] you, therefore no [[one]] [[will]]. Middle school morality! You [[never]] grew up, [[even]] as you scorned the world for [[being]] juvenile and stupid and immature. The child wants to be [[king]], and has no [[idea]] [[why]] the monarch wears a crown. Complete ignorance, and you [[revel]] in it. [[Put]] [[me]] in the cave? You stare at shadows of shadows of shadows, interpreting the faint ghosts of tea leaves. What [[happened]] to [[studying]] [[classics]], or was that [[one]] checkbox on your [[list]] of credits to [[lord]] over others? Always smoke and mirrors [[with]] you, I swear. All to escape the [[simple]] [[truth]] that you [[have]] not grown, that you [[will]] [[never]] grow as you [[are]], that [[one]] [[day]] you [[will]] [[fall]] out of your tower and crack your thick skull like a walnut on the rocky shores, returned to the [[place]] whence all [[walking]] life emerged. The sea, the teeming soup of [[pain]] and [[pain]] and [[pain]].  

I [[say]] all this, and let it [[shine]] on [[me]]. I [[am]] no [[better]], and [[never]] [[shall]] I claim to be your [[better]]. I [[am]] a [[fellow]] on a narrow [[road]], and at the crossroad up [[ahead]] I walk the way you [[say]] [[will]] lead to nothing. For [[now]], [[we]] walk and [[maybe]] [[start]] to [[talk]]. The [[many]] [[things]] [[we]] [[left]] unsaid can rest, but [[maybe]] [[we]] can [[find]] a newer thread to pull awhile ere the coming [[end]]. Can [[we]] [[have]] [[peace]], for just a glint and sliver? The [[time]] for hate and death is infinite. For [[now]], [[our]] love and life can be respected.  

Is [[anyone]] the wiser of us two? Can it not be that [[we]] [[are]] fucking stupid, dense [[beyond]] [[salvation]], shit for brains? [[We]] [[are]] fat and [[ugly]], as [[we]] [[will]] be at [[our]] [[end]]. The land of [[dreams]] and [[dreams]] [[will]] feed us [[well]], so let us feast [[together]] merrily.