Gale moves from Waterloo to Montreal because he thinks he will get nowhere [[if]] he stays in the [[same]] [[place]]. To him, his hometown [[represents]] his [[old]] life, his former way of [[being]]. Montreal, meanwhile, is a [[new]] and exciting land of [[dreams]], the [[place]] where he met Dawn and danced [[with]] her on the deck of a summer dinner cruise.

To Gale, the [[woman]] he danced [[with]] was the most [[beautiful]] person he ever met. He [[never]] learned her name, or [[even]] heard her voice. All he [[remembered]] about her was [[hazel]] eyes, [[light]] brown [[shoulder]] length hair, and a pale blue dress that looked almost [[white]] in the dim [[light]] of [[twilight]]. They danced to "Nothing Broken But My [[Heart]]" by Celine Dion, a remarkable fact as the [[dance]] occurred on August 2, [[1992]] while the [[song]]'s official release was on August 3, [[1992]].

Gale's relationship [[with]] Dawn distracts him from his writing, though [[through]] the experiences he gains confidence as [[an]] artist. He lacked [[things]] to write about, and [[through]] his experiences [[with]] Dawn he developed his own voice and started to manifest his will in the world.

Most notably, he had a group of three female friends in Waterloo who [[fit]] the roles of goddesses in his life. Tara Robles the architect replaces Eroica [[Vici]] the lawyer as [[Athena]] (wisdom and war). Selene Bauman the [[curator]] replaces Catherine Clement the engineer as Hera ([[duty]] and wrath). Charlotte Gagnon the doctor replaces [[Louise]] Charpentier the [[pianist]] as Aphrodite (beauty and [[mercy]]).

Gale's greatest challenge in Montreal is the [[pursuit]] of meaning. At [[first]] he pursues happiness via chasing the past (his fleeting relationship [[with]] Dawn), but [[meeting]] the architect at La Ronde kicked [[off]] a chain of events where he began questioning his own reasons for [[being]] in Montreal. Most notably, Tara's suggestion that he elope [[with]] her presents itself as [[an]] alternative to [[being]] with Dawn, as Gale and Tara were once high school sweethearts who [[broke]] up in their [[first]] year of engineering at the University of Waterloo.

Gale's relationship with Tara makes him waver in his intentions [[toward]] Dawn. He was [[also]] suspicious of [[why]] Dawn never showed up at La Ronde on the day of their date; it was by fluke that he [[happened]] to run [[into]] Tara, who was in Montreal with her classmates from architecture school.

Gale's [[pursuit]] of meaning manifests in his writing by beginning to reflect his own life more explicitly. The very [[text]] the reader is looking at is ostensibly Gale's own autobiography / [[journal]] / memoir. What [[ultimately]] helps him find meaning is realizing the subjectivity of all experience, notably [[through]] the realization that the Dawn he reunited with never [[existed]] except as a [[figment]] of his imagination. All that [[time]], he simply imagined a girl who looked exactly like the [[one]] who he did meet seven years ago.

Gale's [[new]] friends in Montreal [[fit]] the [[same]] archetypes as his friends in Waterloo. Gale's friends in Montreal are generally more nuanced or jaded versions of the archetypes from Waterloo. As [[an]] example: Tara is Eroica's cousin, and Eroica was the more [[dominant]] and crafty of the two. However, Tara has a [[special]] talent for never missing the mark, [[whether]] in shooting [[games]], carnival ball tosses, or clever remarks. She [[also]] is the [[one]] who often foils Eroica's plans, [[through]] exercising her own will.

After Gale realizes that Dawn never [[existed]], he had a period of idleness where both his friendships and his writing floundered. After [[finding]] out that [[Louise]] had died in a car accident on her way to the airport with the newborn child she had while Gale was [[gone]], he is distraught by the loss of his fiancee and daughter. He [[drinks]] heavily, and accidentally falls [[into]] the water at [[Alexandra]] Basin in the [[Old]] [[Port]] of Montreal, the very [[place]] where he last [[saw]] the [[beautiful]] [[stranger]] seven years before when the ship docked back at the pier. Miraculously, the [[real]] version of Dawn, Sarah Carice [[Beaulieu]], [[happened]] to be [[there]] when he [[well]] [[into]] the water, and [[saved]] his life.

Gale's relationship with Sarah ends in marriage. They [[have]] two children: Caroline Alice [[Jones]], and Marie Eilish [[Jones]]. ([[Trivia]]: the latter grows up to become Ishmael, [[one]] of the leaders of a resistance movement in [[an]] alt-[[history]] [[future]] of Canada.)

[[Louise]] and the unborn child [[fit]] [[into]] the [[story]] via [[being]] [[an]] element of foreshadowing that Gale's actions [[have]] more [[consequences]] than he would like to admit. He thinks he can [[leave]] Waterloo and go back whenever he is [[done]] with his business in Montreal, but in [[reality]] [[there]] were [[many]] people who depended on him. He let [[down]] the original trio, and is denied the [[chance]] to truly make amends. All he can do is salvage the [[relationships]] he has with the [[new]] trio.

Gale imagines Dawn as a [[figment]] of his own imagination as a sort of [[self]]-[[delusion]] that gives him [[hope]]. He feels that his life is boring, and that he has never truly wanted for anything material. For him, the [[beautiful]] [[stranger]] he met seven years ago was a [[perfect]] enigma to carry with him forever. The [[fake]] version of Dawn [[first]] appeared after Canada Day; during a thunderstorm in the [[early]] [[morning]] of July 2, 1999, he [[said]] that he would finally go back to the [[Old]] [[Port]] of Montreal [[if]] the rain stopped before sunrise. It did, and so he went and gave himself [[hope]] in the way he knew [[best]]: [[lying]] to himself.

Montreal is used as a setting in which Gale is a [[stranger]], and where he can make [[new]] connections and [[start]] [[anew]]. In [[reality]], he is the [[same]] person no [[matter]] where he goes, and he himself realizes the parallels [[between]] the [[old]] trio and the [[new]] trio. He salvages the latter friendships [[only]] after the [[first]] three completely forsake him; Eroica and Catherine mourn the death of their dear friend Louise, and Louise the [[pianist]] is forever [[lost]] to death.