Copied and adapted from [[YouTube]] comments:

>I'm a hospice nurse so I'll give some of my thoughts from just from my anecdotal experiences [[with]] my patients. 
>
>A big part of my job is helping patients and families come to terms that my patients will [[die]] within six months. Most people cope with that knowledge well and most of them contextualize it as relief of suffering rather than framing it as religious immortality. Almost all of my patients are in immense amounts of pain or suffering from an illness (my job is to make it as painless and comfortable as possible) and they almost always mention how they'll be happy to see dead loved ones and it does help them with turning the experience from horrible to hopeful. It definitely does [[calm]] anxieties in patients and families when they believe that their suffering will actually have a payoff and isn't just needless pain until they're gone. One interesting thing I've noticed is almost everyone of my patients calls out to or says that they see dead loved ones on the last couple days of their life. I've had a few atheist patients who had the same experiences. I'm not saying this is proof of an afterlife, but since it's such a prevalent phenomenon I can absolutely understand how the idea of an afterlife was created by people to explain almost every person seeing their dead loved ones before death. I'd be interested to see a study done looking at cultures that primarily believe in reincarnation compared to a single eternal afterlife to see if the phenomenon is influenced by their religious and cultural belief or if it's just an innate mechanism that our brains use when faced with death. The people I find clinging to religion for coping with death is usually from the families of patients rather than the patients themselves. Families can be rational about the immenent death through the entire process and even want the patient to pass quickly so that their suffering can end, but as soon as the patient dies a lot of them instantly change and are quite surprised. A lot of families try to find something important and superstitious about the day they died. "He loved rain, of course he died on a rainy day" "[[Today]] is her dad's birthday, of course she chose [[today]]." Often when they find significance to tie to a family member's death it turns their mood from greif to celebration and makes it a lot easier when they can call friends and family with "good news" instead of just calling about the death itself. Overall, I personally do think religion is a large part of coping with death, I see it in my coworkers too. I'm an odd one in my field being that I can cope with death in a non-religious context but I am very very much in the minority. Being an atheist in my field isn't difficult especially because I can comfort people in a clinical context by discussing the relief of suffering and explaining that [[there]] are studies showing that the [[body]] can hear up to 2 hours before death so they likely knew they were surrounded by family. But damn am I glad that [[we]] have chaplains as part of our team because I wouldn't be able to offer the religious comforting that most people [[need]] during that [[time]]. I do think a large part of reliance on religion for coping is due to the fact that at least in America, death is so often ignored in day to day life that when it's affecting someone personally, it's most people's first [[time]] working through their actual beliefs.