[[Ancra]]'s brother gave Catherine her power, and so she was attached to [[Ancra]].  
Levi [[ran]] away [[after]] creating a catalyst for [[Ancra]].  
  
[[Hortus]]'s father gave Selene her power, and so she was attached to [[Hortus]].  
Cornelius let himself be arrested [[after]] creating a catalyst for [[Hortus]].

* * *
I find it interesting from a lore perspective that roughly the "protagonist color" of Magic went from artifacts/colorless ([[early]]) to [[blue]] (middle) to [[white]] ([[late]]).

Matches what I personally [[know]] of the [[history]] of symbols and [[consciousness]]. [[White]], the order and organization of [[conscious]] multitudes, created a group mind and a sense of the "[[objective]] world". [[Black]], the taste of [[sacrifice]] and evil and death, was the evolving sense of [[action]] for deliberated benefit, the "argument for evil" as represented by a snake. Red, impulse and instinct itself, is the [[first]] [[human]] [[acting]] in paradise, sans shame or worry, and leading to rebellion. Artifice, the [[creation]] of tools and the [[mastery]] of [[material]], is associated with Cain and Vulcan, the [[first]] artisans. Green, the appeal to and participation in [[nature]], is the [[first]] in a [[long]] [[line]] of [[human]]-created institutions, in the form of might makes right. [[Blue]], the formalized and structured [[thought]] that [[came]] from literary and rhetorical traditions, made [[words]] (and "the [[Word]]"). And then with the emergence of [[an]] [[even]] larger multitude of multitudes (cells are to humans what humans are to [[humanity]]), [[now]] [[there]] is a [[new]] type of "[[sight]]". So, [[white]] [[comes]] back, but on a [[new]] higher [[level]] of sociocultural [[abstraction]]. Not saying that this is necessarily what Garfield had in mind ([[there]]'s [[many]] ways of analyzing structured faction-based lore) [[Also]] worth noting that in anthropology, it is proposed that [[white]] and [[black]] were the [[first]] consciously recognized colors, and [[after]] that [[came]] red, yellow/green, and ([[most]] recently) [[blue]]. And each cultural shift [[could]] roughly be [[said]] to be strain [[between]] the "[[old]] colors" and the "[[new]] colors". For example, [[seeing]] red added a [[new]] [[dimension]] to [[sight]] [[other]] than "on-[[off]]" signal, and created a more complex hierarchy of [[meaning]], esp. of blood and nutrition and [[value]]. 

What I mean by a "protagonist color" is the [[one]] that dominates the psychology of the [[game]], not necessarily the morality that the creators form within the [[game]].

DEFINITELY [[needed]] to preface this with, I meant EMERGENT GAMEPLAY LORE and not PRESCRIBED [[FLAVOR]] LORE. I realized that I was conflating the two in my [[thinking]], just testing ideas.

The [[game]] roughly [[started]] out by agglutinating [[around]] artifacts ([[Black]] Lotus, Moxes) and twenty Lightning Bolt style [[play]], then [[settled]] [[around]] [[blue]] and artifact centric strategies, and in recent [[years]] has [[seen]] [[an]] explosion in the power of [[white]]. In the middle were various metagames dominated by [[black]] (Necro winter type of [[thing]]), red ([[burn]] or aggro), and green (Birthing Pod and Collected [[Company]]), but I think it's fair to [[say]] that Magic has often occupied the [[players]] in some [[broad]] strokes ways.

I like [[thinking]] about all systems, incl. [[games]] and literatures and repertories and canons, as machines and [[self]]-replicating systems, ones which evolve and not [[only]] generate [[meaning]] for others but [[come]] to [[have]] their own internal [[logic]] and [[meaning]]. The mechanisms of the [[game]] certainly are fascinating and [[evocative]] in and of themselves.

The stories that Magic tell more explicitly are [[also]] [[beautiful]] and interesting in their own right (this whole [[thing]] was sparked by [[me]] [[seeing]] Karn holding the [[head]] of Elesh Norn, the [[white]] Praetor and the representation of the forefront of a [[new]] emergent order of corrupt [[thought]]), but I think [[there]] are [[also]] the stories [[told]] [[through]] card [[design]] and the process of Magic evolving as a [[game]], which itself has a ton of [[selection]] pressures [[against]] it.