Exactly where he last [[saw]] her, struggling [[new]] writer Gale [[Jones]] once [[again]] encounters the girl of his [[dreams]]. Or, rather, the [[beautiful]] [[stranger]] who haunts his restless slumber. She dons the [[same]] blue dress that she did on the fateful dinner cruise seven summers ago, when they [[shared]] a [[dance]] on the deck of the ship. The [[scent]] of her vanilla perfume and of her strawberry perfume is exactly as he recalls from when he [[held]] her [[close]] for six [[short]] minutes. Her smile, the precious [[sight]] granted to him mere moments before she disappeared [[into]] the [[night]], is once more his [[alone]] to behold.

But she has apparently [[forgotten]] about that magical evening back in August [[1992]]. Since the last [[time]] he came to the city, she [[lost]] all [[memories]] of her past. [[Now]] as listless as she is nameless, the young woman reveals little of her [[current]] life except that she always [[comes]] to the [[Old]] [[Port]] of Montreal at daybreak. And so [[there]] on [[early]] mornings Gale meets with his [[new]] friend “Dawn” to make [[good]] on their [[new]] [[promise]]: she will help him [[fall]] in love with the sunrise, and he will help her find her name. 

Madeleine biscuits with masala chai, classical music on cassettes and vinyls, [[fireworks]] during the festive summer months of the bilingual metropolis — from Canada Day to the [[New]] Year, the last six months of the [[old]] millennium mark their last [[chance]] to [[live]] in the hazy past. 