[[Imagine]] a [[game]] like rock paper scissors. Tell [[me]], which is the [[best]] sign? This is a [[ridiculous]] [[question]], because no hand in this [[game]] has [[an]] advantage. But then, [[how]] is it that certain signs beat [[other]] signs? The [[results]] of who wins and who loses [[comes]] [[down]] to a showdown. This [[kind]] of "matchup luck" is more commonly called yomi luck. A less extreme example of yomi luck is Starcraft, or any [[other]] [[real]]-[[time]] strategy [[game]]. [[Many]] strategies [[fall]] flat on their back [[if]] the opponent, in the safety of the "fog of war" (limited vision), [[happened]] to [[pick]] a countering strategy. Of course, in Starcraft you can play "gambits" where you [[sacrifice]] a worker to scout the opponent's base. But yomi luck is nevertheless a huge part of Starcraft, which is [[actually]] considered a [[quite]] luckless [[game]]. League of Legends [[also]] has the element of yomi luck, in that some of the [[best]] champions often [[have]] a disgusting counter that is otherwise not too viable, and that by [[nature]] makes that counter a viable champion. Weird metagame stuff. Magic: the Gathering is probably the greatest example of a [[game]] dominated by yomi luck, not [[only]] in deck matchups but [[also]] in calculations of play lines where you can instantly lose [[if]] the opponent is holding a certain card and you [[have]] to play [[around]] these "mind [[games]]". (In piano, I can argue that yomi luck [[comes]] [[into]] effect in competitions where playing certain pieces in contrast to certain opponent pieces gives you a slight advantage in adjudication, but this is very convoluted.)