No breath is wasted—not a single one. The last of summer sighed and closed its eyes, the warmth yet dancing on its golden lash.  
  
While reading in Brick Magazine of Stan Dragland’s demise, I saw a [[synchronicity]] to use. August 2, 2022. Coincidentally, this date aligns with something I have worked on for two years, a novel I have called The [[Wind]] at Dawn, [[after]] an art song by the English composer Edward Elgar. In the story, a writer of no great achievement pursues his craft in Montreal, the city where [[seven]] years ago he met the love of his dreams on a [[Saint]] Lawrence summer dinner cruise. This magical evening was on August 2, 1992—thirty years before the current year, in which the epilogue takes place. The span of thirty years is significant to the plot, secondary only to the recurrent gap of [[seven]] years. My obsession with dates could not let this go. I got up from my reading desk, and immediately sat here in front of my computer, the very [[time]] and place from which I now speak to you.  
  
While [[we]] are here, let me tell you a story: some weeks before I left the un et demi in Montreal on Durocher near Sherbrooke, the same one that houses the protagonist Gale Jones, I wrote an outline for a visual novel (an interactive fiction picture book, a genre that fascinated me for much of my teenage years) where each chapter matched a rhyming couplet from the lyrics, penned by Elgar’s wife Caroline Alice née Roberts as a love gift. As I wallowed in my despair that the city needed me not, I wrote a story from my past into the fabric of [[false]] reality: when I was seventeen, the same [[age]] as Gale in the story, I indeed shared a [[dance]] with a beautiful stranger on my last evening in Montreal. The end of a YMCA cultural exchange had come, and what a bittersweet hug-and-sway it was with E, a girl from a high school across town in Waterloo. In [[truth]], she was not a complete stranger; [[we]] saw each other at an informational session before [[we]] departed, and from exploring the city a few times together [[we]] connected with offbeat humor, much of it centered around 420 and shunning authority. I learned that she had a boyfriend who was not with us on the trip. That was not on my mind when I asked her to [[dance]], for all I knew in the moment was the sparkle in her eye. I never saw her again [[after]] that trip, but I [[shall]] never forget how stunning she was. Looking at her pictures on Facebook, I see that she is in a different world from me. Yet for the few minutes that she was in my arms, I pretended that she was forever mine, that she was my fated bride, that she was someone who would change my life and save me from all the things I knew not how to escape.  
  
From so many years of pretending, I made it true. Forever in my heart, [[there]] is a beautiful stranger, a boat on the [[Saint]] Lawrence River, a tinge of regret.  
  
Though the novel’s connection to the namesake song by Edward Elgar proves to be a chore, a weighty promise made when I was young, I have maintained its place inside the story. I found “The [[Wind]] at Dawn” by chance, while researching the piano output of Edward Elgar. Seeing the title, I set out to graft on an idea that til then was titled “The [[Port]] at Dawn”, about the survivor of a personal tragedy meeting an amnesiac woman at the Old [[Port]] of Montreal.  
  
I was a piano student at McGill who figured out he was no Rubinstein or Gould, and so sought to explore the canonical repertoire from a different angle. [[We]] could say I succeeded, as my fingers find themselves on a QWERTY keyboard rather than on the faux plastic ivories of the two grand pianos downstairs. I spend my days in blissful leisure, teaching a few lessons a week and otherwise spending my [[time]] absorbing art (jazz, cinema, literary criticism, my well-arranged room) and experimenting with creation (free improvisation, lyrical prose, metered poetry)‌. Lest one gains the passive impression that I am rich and unaware, I say outright that I am unbelievably privileged to be living with two hardworking parents and a compassionate brother. Without them, this would not have been the most productive and fulfilling year of my life.  
  
It is said of Montreal that it is a City of a Hundred Steeples, where each person's personal life is contained under one and only one. [[There]] is cooperation and harmony between tribes on the island, but each kept to their own for matters of the heart. The world is that now.  
  
I found a memory from long ago: in eleventh grade, on a Saturday where I had nothing else to do (for I stopped playing League of Legends and was bored of anime), I wrote a story in a single sitting based on all the tropes and ideas gleaned from my limited reading. This was in the second half of the school year, a few months before the YMCA exchange that I joined only reluctantly.