Old Montreal. Gale Jones gazes at the new sign, recalling with ever greater difficulty how it looked back when it was Génoise et Thé. He enters the [[café]] a few minutes early. Tara Robles will be late, fashionably so, but he makes small talk with Simone Dupont, who sits at her usual table, same as over twenty years ago.

**SIMONE. You were out there for quite some time.**

**GALE. Couldn’t wait to speak to me?**

**SIMONE. Time’s ticking. When’s the architect coming?**

**GALE. With any luck, soon.**

The writer sits, and takes the half-full cup and saucer from the doctor. He sips, and makes a face.

**GALE. Have you been here a while?**

**SIMONE. I have the day off, and my man is out of town. So here I am.**

**GALE. Fate plays tricks, it seems.**

She nods, but her eyes train on the ripples in the cold, bitter coffee. Never was it bitter in those days, the ones they never forgot.

_Did she dye her hair? Perhaps it’s best to keep it to myself. Sarah chided me last time I remarked on Charlotte’s appearance. “Keep it to yourself,” she said. Best I listen._

**SIMONE. You may ask about it.**

**GALE. Your hair?**

**SIMONE. Never my fucking hair, Gale Jones. My marriage.**

**GALE. Not good?**

**SIMONE. Too good. Last time I was this nervous, I was a resident at the hospital.**

**GALE. I was a dreamer, and you were Charlotte.**

**SIMONE. In those days, and always. People don’t change.**

**GALE. I re-watched “Chicanery” last week.**

**SIMONE. Nothing gets past Diana’s disciple.**

**GALE. Anyway, your husband. Is there something going on?**

**SIMONE. As always, it’s not about him.**

She stands, and covers her cup with the saucer.

**SIMONE. You know what I realized? I thrive in bad times. When things go to shit, I live. When everything works out, I suffer.**

**GALE. Survivorship bias?**

**SIMONE. A need for relevance. Utopia needs no doctors, musicians, or angels.**

