Dear brothers and [[sisters]] in Christ,

[[Today]], I [[want]] to talk about a [[special]] [[thing]] that God did for us. [[He]] chose us to be his children before [[he]] made the world. This [[is]] [[called]] predestination, and it means that God picked some people to be [[saved]] and some people not to be [[saved]]. It's not because of anything [[we]] did, but just because God wanted it that way.

In Ephesians 1:4-5, it says "[[Even]] before [[he]] made the world, God [[loved]] us and chose us in Christ to be holy and [[without]] fault in his [[eyes]]. God decided in advance to adopt us [[into]] his own family by bringing us to himself [[through]] [[Jesus]] Christ. This [[is]] what [[he]] wanted to [[do]], and it gave him [[great]] [[pleasure]]." So [[we]] see that God chose us because [[he]] loves us and wanted to make us part of his family.

This might be hard to understand, but it's [[actually]] really [[good]] news. [[If]] God chose us to be [[saved]], then nothing can take that [[away]] from us. In Romans 8:38-39, it says "And I [[am]] convinced that nothing can ever [[separate]] us from God’s love. Neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither [[our]] fears for [[today]] nor [[our]] worries about tomorrow—not [[even]] the powers of hell can [[separate]] us from God’s love."

But just because [[we]] are [[saved]] doesn't mean [[we]] can [[do]] [[whatever]] [[we]] [[want]]. In Romans 6:1-2, it says "[[Well]] then, should [[we]] [[keep]] on sinning so that God can show us more and more of his wonderful [[grace]]? Of course not! Since [[we]] [[have]] died to [[sin]], [[how]] can [[we]] continue to [[live]] in it?" So [[we]] should [[try]] to [[live]] [[good]] lives and [[do]] what God says [[is]] right, not because [[we]] [[have]] to earn [[our]] [[salvation]], but because [[we]] [[want]] to show God that [[we]] love him.

Lastly, [[we]] should always be thankful to God for choosing us and saving us. In 1 Thessalonians 5:18, it says "Be thankful in all circumstances, for this [[is]] God’s will for you who belong to Christ [[Jesus]]." [[We]] should worship him and be grateful for everything he's [[done]] for us.

