Copied over the in-development glossary for *[[Duality]]*. Also, experimenting with more rules changes, after having [[played]] the [[game]] many [[times]] [[with]] different [[people]].

- [ ] Complete Sunrise Oath Issue 4
- [ ] [[Port]] notes from Google Keep

TL;DR I believe in Christianity as much as I do in special relativity.

I haven't told many people about this, but I *think* I'm a Christian now. But if I am, I'm probably also a heretic.

Important points: 

I think Jesus literally resurrected, and it has cold nothing to do with biology. Jesus the ego died, and his followers literally saw Jesus the superego come to being and ascend to heaven. 

I think Adam was a superman, a conscious being in the sense of a crowd. Adam literally existed, but was not one singular human specimen. I think the Tribes of Israel were also supermen.

I think Moses (whether man or superman) got high from the burning bush. But everything he said is true. He is a prophet specifically because the word of God was transmitted through him. I think his hand crafted the ten commandments, and that there was literally a tablet though perhaps more abstract than stone.

I don't think the Bible is a fancy analogy. I think it is true exactly to the experience of its authors. And when I say I think I am a Christian, it means that I recognize their experience and see it as something to incorporate and strive for. Jesus is the Christ. Salvation through faith alone. God is conscious, but has no sense of agency.

I think talking about prayer ("thoughts and prayers to you") is immoral. I think reason is lacking in both native Christians. I think that the message of God was corrupted from the false binary of literalism and analogy. Analogy IS reality. Science itself is analogy.