
- [ ] 1 - MAN
- [ ] 1 - MAN
- [x] 2 - MAN ✅ 2023-04-05
- [ ] 2 - MAN
- [ ] 2 - MAN
- [x] 1 - BIRD ✅ 2023-04-05
- [x] 2 - BIRD ✅ 2023-04-05
- [ ] 2 - BIRD
- [ ] 2 - BIRD
- [ ] 3 - BIRD
- [ ] 1 - FORTUNE
- [ ] 2 - FORTUNE
- [ ] 4 - FORTUNE
- [ ] 4 - FORTUNE
- [ ] 36 - FATE
- [ ] 47 - FATE
- [ ] 86 - FATE
- [ ] 98 - FATE

5 ([[leo|Leo]]) - 7 words
9 ([[sagittarius|Sagittarius]]) - 10 words
9 ([[sagittarius|Sagittarius]]) - 9 beats

[[Selene]] plays Lea, and [[hortus|Hortus]] plays Primo.

Lea Artemis is an adventurer and devoted follower of Christ, who pretends to be a man and fights for her God. Swearing an oath to Saint Nicholas, she leaves the Crusades behind and travels eastward in search of new knowledge, after seeing the writings of Han Fei. Weak in flesh, yet strong in the Word, she holds the sword as an icon of divine favor.

In a field, she meets a group of pagan cultists, who challenge the righteousness and supremacy of her Lord. Insulted, she seeks to meet them in battle. In a close battle in which she is nearly overtaken, she defeats the heathens and learns of a scroll that holds sacred truth, hidden in a lost domain of earthly wealth. 

Needing to know more, she heads to a beer hall in the nearby village of Starhaven, a bastion of sin and indulgence. There, she meets a wealthy heretic follower of Simon Magnus, who performs feats of magic that she cannot deny. He says quotes from Confucius and Lao Tzu, distant sages who she has never heard of, then quotes Calvin, Hobbes, and *Calvin & Hobbes*. 

Suspicious of him, yet seeking allies on her quest, she asks him to join her. He agrees, on the condition that they renounce the bounty of the world in a joint oath. As they complete a pact through the exchange of earthen rings hardened by flame, the Morning Star dawns on them. From this moment on, Lea hears the voice of the Prince of Darkness, the fallen angel Lucifer. It tells her of a phoenix whose song shall bring the end of her times and usher in a new era.

The wayward mage, Primo, tells Lea of the goddess Guan Yin, whose love and mercy saved the other side of the world. Lea holds the Virgin Mary as the greatest image of a woman, yet is moved by the projection of her that her new friend conjures up. She tries to refute her message, yet is unable. This is her first doubt, and leads to her being receptive to Lucifer's suggestion that they consult an oracle at the shrine of an abandoned city's castle on a hill. 

Primo teaches her about Zhang Guo, who gained knowledge through wine. She resolves to forgo food and use her fast to mediatate through drink. In her drunken state, she has her second doubt on God, seeing that the mechanics of her mind led her to the thoughts and experiences she has, and that the same goes for God. She is disturbed by her increasing romantic interest in Primo, whose path away from the world's riches mirrors her own, whose silvery charm and tantalizing passion made her question the moral laws she saw as inviolable. 

Primo is alarmed to learn that Lea is a woman. He refuses her as she is drunk, and resolves to enter eight days of reclusive meditation to strengthen his resolve before their future travels. His exploration of Crowley and the occult results in their confrontation with the conjured crimson vampire Alcazar, who curses them to fear for the loss of the other. Feeling pity after seeing their plight, he also blesses them with the greatest doctrine, contained in a potion that he gifts to them. He assures them that they shall be guaranteed fame or eternal life, but not both.

In a forest, an imp of wind and frost tempts Lea and Simon with false riches and tainted scripture, and traps them in a labyrinth. Convinced that she is burning in hell, Lea takes off her armor and wanders the storm naked. She falls in a river, and is severely frostbitten. Her third doubt, presented in the form of the serpent, is in the power of oath and convenant itself. She removes the earthen ring and takes a new talisman from a mermaid who saves her. Primo finds her, but she is empty. Her greatest strength, the Word, was lost to her in the lake. She could no longer speak. Her birthright as a knight, as a conqueror of evildoers, was taken from her.










