
# [[Port]] at Dusk

<iframe width="480" height="270" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Pnq6dbM5TAM" title="Three Minutes and Thirty-Seven Seconds" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
<iframe width=480 height=270 src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1T9o3dkdnb8" title="Nine Minutes and Sixteen Seconds" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
<iframe width="480" height="270" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Q_W0UL6fgQ4?list=PLM4UPPUZGf2rh_tezcw-k6JEE9dKSroXo" title="Eleven Minutes and Nine Seconds" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

About [[time]] I found myself a proper [[tool]], one that respects me by not deleting [[my]] previous writing when I take not the utmost care to preserve [[every]] keystroke. I want something that saves [[my]] thoughts without me having to worry that the program will bug out and kaput [[my]] work.

[[twine|Twine]] was nice while it lasted. Too bad it started lagging once I had over a thousand passages, and decided to erase one morning's worth of work. As revenge, I torpedoed [[my]] schedule for two weeks and lost [[my]] mind. I really showed them!

MTGO [[shall]] be [[my]] diversion. Til they open the [[vault]] and let me [[enter]] its [[gate]], I [[shall]] be a good [[boy]] and keep on clicking Arena while feeling [[my]] soul get washed away by hours upon hours of Spotify. Frederick Delius [[is]] [[my]] newest 'discovery', if I can call it that (and the conquerors did indeed, so why have I not this right as well?), and now thanks to the London Review of Books I have gained new ideas for [[my]] music, [[my]] daily dabbles in the art of [[time]].

It might take a while for me to import all [[my]] writing. But import it I [[shall]], and consolidate it on this hard drive. I [[hope]] that [[my]] brother and parents [[shall]] have the soft drive to burn [[my]] corpse, and [[dance]] [[with]] [[my]] mind. Everything I write [[is]] for them, and for the others I silently [[love]] without saying their [[names]] [[with]] [[my]] limited breath. Love [[is]] pain. Pain [[is]] life. Therefore, [[love]] [[is]] [[life]].

A [[hyperlink]] [[journal]], created across days, braided together by common themes. How have I not come to this idea before? Truly, language [[is]] computation. Only when it was put in words did I understand the possibilities. I have to thank William for the recommendation, and also for his kindness in not insisting that I pay his dad as soon as possible. Though maybe he wants me to never pay, or at least delay it enough to cause grief. In which case, I [[shall]] indulge. (Just kidding, will do that soon.)

Juggling so many things at once, I almost think I do it to drop everything. Satisfying thud?

What Rennie told me about [[homestead|r/homesteading]] [[is]] on [[my]] mind.

Remember: edit a lot. Reduce everything as you re-read, to make connections stronger. Clarity [[is]] [[king]].

