[[new|New]] [[day]], [[same]] [[old]] [[me]].

I'll put out a new Sunrise Oath issue this month. Just a matter of compiling all the stuff I write, anyway.

- [ ] Complete Sunrise Oath Issue 4
- [x] Write stream of consciousness letters ✅ 2023-03-23
- [ ] [[Port]] notes from Google Keep

This one scene from the film *[[waterloo|Waterloo]]* stuck out to me. Napoleon is dictating letters, and devolves into lamenting the estrangement of his precious son. Was cool to see how someone could compose multiple letters in one sitting by saying that was on his mind, then having scribes divide them up after the fact. I thought, what stops me from doing this myself?

To [[james|James]]: I thought of you [[first]], as I was alarmed to hear of your hospitalization this morning. Your speedy recovery is foremost on my mind, and though thousands of miles separate us I hope that we may soon reunite, digitally or otherwise. What I learned from our [[friendship]] is that the will to connect, the desire to never be apart despite time and distance, is all it takes to never be alone. For this lesson I thank you. I am glad I can write to you anytime, knowing that it means something to us.

To [[lewis|Lewis]]: I hope to speak soon. We live so close, so I regret that we see each other not as often as I wish. The days of Rob's game are well behind us, yet they stay [[with]] me as my fondest memories of friendship, of brotherhood, of trust. A part of me is always stuck in the car [[with]] you, alone, speaking of a crisis or dealing [[with]] a new debacle. Though I hope that we never need to have a stakeout ever again, I cannot say that I relish not the prospect of another late night adventure soon.

To [[mitchell|Mitchell]]: We spoke just yesterday, and the games we played are on my mind. I always enjoyed playing games [[with]] you, for money or otherwise, and speaking about strategy or coming up [[with]] new ideas for gaining the newest edge. I was glad to show you *Duality* yesterday, and perhaps due to the cerebral [[nature]] of the game it felt like the old days of playing heads up at your kitchen table. Maybe one day we can play another match, though for now I am still worried of being sucked back into the world of preflop charts and tense breathing behind a mask. But now and always, for the time we have together, may we enjoy many [[ciders]].

To [[patrick|Patrick]]: I shall not send this one, for I fear putting pressure on you to read a long block of text. The greatest fear is never that you will ignore me, but that you will pay too much attention. For many years I have thought of what it means to love your family and to protect someone. When we were younger, the failures of my inexperience were plain to see. Now, I find myself learning from you how to care for others and prevent resentment. As you know, I oscillate between wanting to spend a lot of time and being holed up in my room [[with]] my latest deep dive. Recently, esp. given the developments in our family, I have seen the irreplaceable value of regular and reserved communion. You are much more mature than me in this regard. In you, I see the good of everyone else in our family, and the struggles we all surely face. Maybe you are the best archetype of what it means to be "one of us". 

To [[william|William]]: You wrote me a long letter, for which I was glad. I feel that the emotional tenor of our friendship has always been one of growth and learning. When we first met, and when we conducted our first lessons together, I was impressed at how much you wanted to seek better knowledge and a clearer picture. This was all before I gained confidence that my way of teaching was the right path, that it had any value to the world. Your trust in me means a lot, and perhaps by itself is enough to sustain me in a lifelong pursuit of better pedagogy and greater musical heights. I practice nowhere near enough to make real all the lofty ideals we have sought together, but a dream unfulfilled is beautiful in and of itself. To have seen the pearly gates, and never enter, is better than having been to blind to never see. (And in another time and another life, I think a school along the lines of what we wanted to create shall do much good for the world, not only in putting forward a new vision for art but a new way for people like our parents.)

To [[damian|Mr. Damian]]: You never stopped being my teacher. I never stopped being fourteen, wanting to show off a little to you. For all these years you have believed in me and counseled me. It was always of great artistic value to me to play [[with]] you and [[martisor|Martisor]]. I don’t know if you know this (perhaps I told you?), but one of the unpublished works I toiled at most had a character based on you and your career at WCI. In you I see a fellow misfit, a companion in the path of the gadfly. Though all these years, you have become an uncle to me. Perhaps this is an understatement, for I have not spared more than a passing thought to a single person my parents once had me call "uncle", not even the blood relatives who took me in their homes for two summers. Meanwhile, I find myself eager for the next time I am summoned to your magnificent court on Redfox for another upcoming performance. Maybe we could arrange to meet more often, maybe once a month, for some exchanges of stories and art. I feel like we both belong to the parlor life of an older time, so maybe a social project along those lines could be fun. (Also, I have yet to introduce my second piano to you!)

奶：近，孙儿恐您之亡。爷去世，子不在，悲，对死还没接受。对自之期而能城面，可关家之命无法把实当真。两人系，未必末。小之空思，大之重考。以，此信不敢送。

To [[sarah|Sarah]] [[beaulieu|Beaulieu]]: Ça fait longtemps :) As I progressed in my reflections, I saw that I was avoiding writing to you or your parents out of a fear of imposition. But I am in an imposing mood, so a funny [[secret]] I want to get off my chest is that I often write stories [[with]] your parents in mind! So many of the characters I create are taken from one short summer stay. We never got to speak one on one, so I never got to say that your parents were my awakening to seeing how things could be in a family. I am sure nothing is ever perfect, but when I was seventeen the experience of living in your childhood home on 29e avenue gave me the bravery to ask more from life. The generosity and compassion your family showed me, and its place in my small mental universe, shall stay [[with]] me to the end of my days. I wonder, how have you and your parents been? I recall that Sylvie went up north, but have no further knowledge of your family's story after that.

I leave my writings there for now. A journal that doubles as a letter jotpad . . . among the few great ideas I had while completely sober. This is a precious discovery, that altered consciousness is always relative.