Created an entry for [[Saad]], in honor of [[our]] [[rollplay]] session.
Might try to shoehorn him into the [[campaign]].

- [ ] 1 - MAN
- [x] 2 - MAN ✅ 2023-04-07
- [ ] 2 - MAN
- [ ] 2 - BIRD
- [ ] 2 - BIRD
- [ ] 3 - BIRD
- [ ] 6 - BIRD
- [ ] 6 - BIRD
- [ ] 1 - FORTUNE
- [ ] 2 - FORTUNE
- [ ] 2 - FORTUNE
- [ ] 4 - FORTUNE
- [ ] 4 - FORTUNE
- [ ] 6 - FORTUNE
- [ ] 20 - FATE
- [ ] 36 - FATE
- [ ] 47 - FATE
- [ ] 66 - FATE
- [ ] 86 - FATE
- [ ] 98 - FATE

11 ([[aquarius|Aquarius]]) - 12 beats

# Archive of the Obsidian Lady 

*The archive of the Obsidian Lady [[is]] situated on a remote coast. These days it [[is]] badly infested by sparrows, indifferent to the history of the [[place]].*

1. A [[great]] iron door [[with]] a keyhole on the eastern wall of the small chamber.
2. A rear entrance into the archive. A reinforced chest containing a key.
3. Remains of an ogre, a magic dice clutched in his hands.
4. A confident hooded wizard, [[sleeping]] in a corner.

# Catacombs of the Blood Queen 

*The catacombs of the Blood Queen are situated [[deep]] in the wasteland, in uncharted lands. Currently [[they]] are overrun [[with]] pigeons, which don't care about the history of the [[place]].*

1. The Blood Queen standing over the bones of her victims.
2. A dying adventurer [[with]] a warning of what awaits.
3. A stout elf, lying in ambush.
4. A stuffed dwarf wizard [[with]] a quill of death wish in their hands.
5. A battered chest [[with]] a rusty halberd, a torch and a scale mail in it.
6. A lavishly decorated wooden gate on the northern wall of the small room.
7. A writing on the wall painted in blood: THE BLOOD QUEEN MUST [[DIE]]




