
# Midwinter


A cold day. Plans fell through, [[one]] by [[one]]. Alexei and Daniel are at the new Phyrexia (confuse not [[with]] the *New Phyrexia*) prerelease, as [[they]] could not buy a pack to take away, and so the 1pm hangout was canceled. [[Justin]] and I went back and forth on going to a prerelease together, and [[ultimately]] decided to stay in.

[[My]] [[piano]] [[journal]] was a [[flop]], perhaps as expected but not [[without]] much sadness and ire from [[me]]. Sometimes I [[wonder]] what I [[have]] that the world wants. True believers came easier before than now. What should I mark as [[my]] destiny? How [[shall]] I move as fate progresses forth?

As for [[me]], this [[is]] a [[good]] day to continue the [[port]] of all [[my]] [[other]] writing to here. [[Something]] feels different when I type in here, truly. [[Good]] interfaces make a huge difference, apparently. I might [[even]] go as far as to move some things from Google Docs here, though that may be unwise in the horrific case where everything gets deleted in some sort of freak accident. It would truly be the digital equivalent of brain trauma.

How does this look?
- - -
Yay, I made [[my]] [[first]] horizontal [[break]]. This and getting **Espanso** set up yesterday make [[me]] super excited for all the possibilities. Though I [[shall]] [[have]] to get used to the process of using all these shortcuts. Baby steps.

Note to [[self]] (well, of course): write everything in the daily journals (or in [[an]] inbox), then excise them [[later]]. In fact, the [[best]] way to [[port]] may simply be to copy everything into this file, then slowly kick them out [[later]]. Saves on brain work and gets the process started.

This [[is]] the rest of [[my]] afternoon.